docs/source/backgroundechemtechniques.rst, before:

Electrochemical Techniques
===========================

This page is designed to assist users in deciding which technique would best suit a given experiment. The JUAMI
potentiostat offers three techniques for testing electrochemical systems - linear sweep voltammetry, cyclic
voltammetry, and chronoamperometry. An introduction to each technique is below.

Linear Sweep Voltammetry
-------------------------

Linear sweep voltammetry applies a potential that sweeps from one potential to a final potential and measures the
current response from the electrochemical system. This technique allows a user to specifically analyze an oxidation
(anodic) or a reduction (cathodic) reaction based on the direction (+/-) of the potential scan.

Applied Waveform:

.. todo::

   Add figure of waveform: V vs. t

Measured Waveform:

.. todo::

   Add sample measured waveform: i vs. t

After completion of an LSV experiment the data file contains time, voltage and current. Using this information, one
can plot current vs. voltage, which is typically the most useful way to plot the results from a LSV scan.

Cyclic Voltammetry
-------------------



Chronoamperometry
------------------

Commit message:

added information about applications of LSV

docs/source/backgroundechemtechniques.rst, after:

Electrochemical Techniques
===========================

This page is designed to assist users in deciding which technique would best suit a given experiment. The JUAMI
potentiostat offers three techniques for testing electrochemical systems - linear sweep voltammetry, cyclic
voltammetry, and chronoamperometry. An introduction to each technique is below.

Linear Sweep Voltammetry
-------------------------

Linear sweep voltammetry applies a potential that sweeps from one potential to a final potential and measures the
current response from the electrochemical system. This technique allows a user to specifically analyze an oxidation
(anodic) or a reduction (cathodic) reaction based on the direction (+/-) of the potential scan.

Applied Waveform:

.. todo::

   Add figure of waveform: V vs. t

Measured Waveform:

.. todo::

   Add sample measured waveform: i vs. t

After completion of an LSV experiment the data file contains time, voltage and current. Using this information, one
can plot current vs. voltage, which is typically the most useful way to plot the results from a LSV scan.

Some applications the LSV can be uniquely used for are measuring current vs. voltage of a resistor, measuring the current
response of an irreversible process (where cyclic voltammetry would not provide additional information) and when one
desires to retain the oxidized or reduced form of the electrode material without reversing it back to its original state.

Cyclic Voltammetry
-------------------



Chronoamperometry
------------------
