docs/source/experimentsetup.rst, before:

.. _experiment-setup:

Experiment Setup
================

Testing a Resistor
-------------------
.. note::
   Measuring resistance can be done using a simple voltmeter, however, this is a simple experiment to practice using the
   JUAMI potentiostat.



Three-electrode Electrochemical Experiment
-------------------------------------------

.. rubric:: Materials and Instrumentation

#. Working electrode: this is the electrode that will be used to probe the reaction of interest.
#. Counter electrode: this electrode supplies current to adjust the potential of the cell. It should be inert so that
   there aren't any reactions that generate products that could disturb the reactions at the working electrode or that
   contribute to the measured current.
#. Reference electrode: this electrode provides a constant, known potential that the potential of the working electrode
   can be measured against.
#. Electrolyte: the purpose of the electrolyte is to carry charge through solution-phase ionic species that can carry
   charge and complete the circuit.
#. Glassware for solution preparation and storage: simply a container for the storage of stock electrolyte/analyte solutions.
#. Glassware for electrochemical cell: some multi-neck flask or beaker that can hold the electrolyte and secure electrodes
   for the electrochemical testing.
#. JUAMI Potentiostat: the potentiostat is used to apply a potential to the cell and measure the current generated through
   electrochemical reactions in the cell.
#. USB adapter: connects the JUAMI potentiostat to the control/readout machine.

.. rubric:: Experiment preparation

.. note::

   This section is designed to guide researchers through the basic steps necessary to run and electrochemical experiment
   and characterize the electrochemical behavior using the pytentiostat capabilities.

The steps below describe how to prepare an electrochemical cell designed that can investigate the
reduction and oxidation of potassium ferricyanide.

Materials for ferricyanide experiment:

#. Glassware for electrochemical cell: three-neck flask
#. Glassware for solution preparation: volumetric flask and glass or plastic jar/bottle
#. Working electrode:


.. rubric:: Data collection and analysis

.. topic:: Two-electrode Experiment

   To run a two-electrode cell, there will only be a working electrode and a counter electrode. In this case, the user
   can simply attach the reference clip to the counter clip from the potentiostat and clip these to the counter electrode.

Commit message:

started adding some general startup guidelines

docs/source/experimentsetup.rst, after:

.. _experiment-setup:

Experiment Setup
================

In general, minimal setup is required to use the JUAMI potentiostat. Here we will present some general guideline on how
to prepare and run an experiment. The following subsections will go into a bit more detail about setting up a test on
a resistor, three-electrode experiment, and a two-electrode experiment. If you have not completed the installation
procedure, please go to (link) prior to continuing.

Guidelines:

*   After completing the installation procedure, connect the JUAMI Potentiostat to your computer using the USB-B male to
    USB-A male adaptor.
*   

.. _test-resistor:

Testing a Resistor
-------------------
.. note::
   Measuring resistance can be done using a simple voltmeter, however, this is a simple experiment to practice using the
   JUAMI potentiostat.


.. _three-electrode-test:

Three-electrode Electrochemical Experiment
-------------------------------------------

.. rubric:: Materials and Instrumentation

#. Working electrode: this is the electrode that will be used to probe the reaction of interest.
#. Counter electrode: this electrode supplies current to adjust the potential of the cell. It should be inert so that
   there aren't any reactions that generate products that could disturb the reactions at the working electrode or that
   contribute to the measured current.
#. Reference electrode: this electrode provides a constant, known potential that the potential of the working electrode
   can be measured against.
#. Electrolyte: the purpose of the electrolyte is to carry charge through solution-phase ionic species that can carry
   charge and complete the circuit.
#. Glassware for solution preparation and storage: simply a container for the storage of stock electrolyte/analyte solutions.
#. Glassware for electrochemical cell: some multi-neck flask or beaker that can hold the electrolyte and secure electrodes
   for the electrochemical testing.
#. JUAMI Potentiostat: the potentiostat is used to apply a potential to the cell and measure the current generated through
   electrochemical reactions in the cell.
#. USB adapter: connects the JUAMI potentiostat to the control/readout machine.

.. rubric:: Experiment preparation

.. note::

   This section is designed to guide researchers through the basic steps necessary to run and electrochemical experiment
   and characterize the electrochemical behavior using the pytentiostat capabilities.

The steps below describe how to prepare an electrochemical cell designed that can investigate the
reduction and oxidation of potassium ferricyanide.

Materials for ferricyanide experiment:

#. Glassware for electrochemical cell: three-neck flask
#. Glassware for solution preparation: volumetric flask and glass or plastic jar/bottle
#. Working electrode:


.. rubric:: Data collection and analysis

.. topic:: Two-electrode Experiment

   To run a two-electrode cell, there will only be a working electrode and a counter electrode. In this case, the user
   can simply attach the reference clip to the counter clip from the potentiostat and clip these to the counter electrode.
