docs/source/installation_instructions.rst, before:

.. The purpose of this file is to provide instructions on how to install the software necessary to access and run
   the pytentiostat software package.

Installation Instructions
=========================

.. seealso::
   Instructions are listed below for installing Miniconda, but the full user documentation for Anaconda is available at
   https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html

System Requirments
------------------

Before installing Anaconda, the following system requirements must be met:

* 32- or 64-bit computer
* 400 MB disk space
* Windows, MacOS, or Linux
* Python 2.7, 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, or 3.7
* pycosat
* PyYaml
* Requests

If you do not already have one of the required versions of Python, follow the instructions below.

.. note::

   We used Python 3.7 for the Pytentiostat software, so it is encouraged to download that version to ensure
   compatibility.

Python Installation
--------------------

Go to the following page that corresponds with the operating system that you are working on.

* Windows:      https://www.python.org/downloads/windows/
* MacOS:        https://www.python.org/downloads/mac-osx/
* Linux/UNIX:   https://www.python.org/downloads/source/

Click on the download link for the latest release of Python 3.7. Double click the .exe file and follow prompts to proceed
with installation.

Install pycosat, PyYaml, and Requests.
---------------------------------------

In the start menu, find and open the python prompt.

Miniconda Installation
-----------------------
Once all system requirements are met, navigate to the following conda installation page corresponding to the operating
system you are using.

* Windows:  https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/windows.html
* MacOS:    https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/macos.html
* Linux:    https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/linux.html

Following the instructions on the documentation page, click the installer link for Miniconda. Then click on the
link for the 32- or 64- bit installer. This downloads an executable file. Once the file is downloaded, you should verify
the installer hashes using the instructions found at https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/download.html#hash-verification.

Once the installer hashes have been verified, double click the .exe file and follow on-screen prompts to complete the
installation. If you do not have settings preferences, continue with defaults.

Verify the Installation was Successful
---------------------------------------

When the installation is complete, you can test whether it was successful by navigating to the anaconda prompt in the
start menu and running the following line.

.. code-block::

   >conda list

If the Miniconda installation was successful, a list of available packages will appear.


.. rubric:: Pytentiostat Package Installation

Once python and the conda environment are installed, installing the pytentiostat package is simple.

Commit message:

Added conda-forge instructions, but they are probably incorrect at this time. Need some feedback.

docs/source/installation_instructions.rst, after:

.. The purpose of this file is to provide instructions on how to install the software necessary to access and run
   the pytentiostat software package.

Installation Instructions
=========================

.. seealso::
   Instructions are listed below for installing Miniconda, but the full user documentation for Anaconda is available at
   https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html

System Requirments
------------------

Before installing Anaconda, the following system requirements must be met:

* 32- or 64-bit computer
* 400 MB disk space
* Windows, MacOS, or Linux
* Python 2.7, 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, or 3.7
* pycosat
* PyYaml
* Requests

If you do not already have one of the required versions of Python, follow the instructions below.

.. note::

   We used Python 3.7 for the Pytentiostat software, so it is encouraged to download that version to ensure
   compatibility.

Python Installation
--------------------

Go to the following page that corresponds with the operating system that you are working on.

* Windows:      https://www.python.org/downloads/windows/
* MacOS:        https://www.python.org/downloads/mac-osx/
* Linux/UNIX:   https://www.python.org/downloads/source/

Click on the download link for the latest release of Python 3.7. Double click the .exe file and follow prompts to proceed
with installation.

Install pycosat, PyYaml, and Requests.
---------------------------------------

In the start menu, find and open the python prompt.

Miniconda Installation
-----------------------
Once all system requirements are met, navigate to the following conda installation page corresponding to the operating
system you are using.

* Windows:  https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/windows.html
* MacOS:    https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/macos.html
* Linux:    https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/linux.html

Following the instructions on the documentation page, click the installer link for Miniconda. Then click on the
link for the 32- or 64- bit installer. This downloads an executable file. Once the file is downloaded, you should verify
the installer hashes using the instructions found at https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/download.html#hash-verification.

Once the installer hashes have been verified, double click the .exe file and follow on-screen prompts to complete the
installation. If you do not have settings preferences, continue with defaults.

Verify the Installation was Successful
---------------------------------------

When the installation is complete, you can test whether it was successful by navigating to the anaconda prompt in the
start menu and running the following line.

.. code-block::

   >conda list

If the Miniconda installation was successful, a list of available packages will appear.


Pytentiostat Package Installation
----------------------------------

Once python and the conda are installed, the pytentiostat package installation is simple. Follow these steps to complete
the Pytentiostat installation!

#. Open the anaconda prompt from the start menu.
#. Navigate to the directory you would like to install the software, e.g. desktop
#. In the command line, type:

.. code-block::

   >conda-forge Pytentiostat

#. Verify that the package was installed by navigating to the folder in a file explorer and attempt to open...
