docs/experimentsetup.rst, before:

.. _setup:

Experiment Setup
=================

A variety of cells can be characterized using a potentiostat. This section will briefly describe cell preparation and
attachment to the potentiostat.

Types of Cell Arrangements
--------------------------

Most potentiostats (including the JUAMI Potentiostat) have the option to connect three leads to an electrochemical cell.
Electrochemical cells/devices commonly have two or three leads. An important distinction between the two arrangements is the
dependencies of the potential.

In a three electrode cell, there is a working electrode (with the material or reaction of interest) and counter electrode
(completes the circuit and allows charge to flow by facilitating a counter reaction) and a reference electrode.
The reference electrode does not undergo any reactions, and it maintains a constant potential. The standard hydrogen
electrode (SHE) is based on the formation of hydrogen gas from two protons and two electrons on a platinum electrode in an ideal solution.
The potential at which this reaction occurs is defined as 0 Volts on the scale of reduction potentials, from which other
reactions can be referenced.

In a two electrode cell, both electrodes (anode and cathode, or working electrode and counter electrode) undergo reactions.
While the reactions occur at each electrode, the potential of both electrodes can change, therefore, there is no stable
reference potential.

Overall, the two electrode arrangement measures the cell potential (and requires a good understanding of what is happening
at each electrode) and the three electrode arrangement enables the measurement of the potential solely of the working electrode
against a known reference potential such as that of Ag/AgCl in KCl (0.197 V vs. SHE). See the examples below for instructions
on how to connect the potentiostat to each type of cell.

.. rubric:: Materials and Instrumentation

All experiments will require:

#. Computer
#. JUAMI Potentiostat
#. USB adapter

If testing a device (e.g. battery, solar cell, resistor, etc.), it can be attached directly to the potentiostat as described below.

If testing an open cell (e.g. H cell, three-neck cell, etc.) you will need each of the following components.

#. Glassware for electrochemical cell (could be three-neck flask, beaker, etc.)
#. Working electrode
#. Counter electrode
#. Reference electrode (if using three-electrode setup)
#. Electrolyte

.. important:: Take proper safety precautions!

    #. If you have never run an electrochemical reaction before, perform these experiments with a lab partner or consult with an instructor.
    #. Wear personal protective equipment (PPE; gloves, safety glasses, lab coat) when carrying out experiments.
    #. Read the safety data sheet (SDS) for all materials, understand the reactions that are expected, and familiarize yourself with the potential risks of reaction product. Take necessary actions to prevent the formation of or exposure to dangerous gases/chemicals (e.g. carry out experiments in a fume hood).

Two-electrode experiment
------------------------

.. rubric:: Examples:

* Resistor
* Battery
* Solar cell
* Fuel cell

.. rubric:: Cell/Device Connection

In each of these applications, the electrochemical cell only has two electrical leads. However, the potentiostat has
three clips. To connect the potentiostat to one of these cells, attach the potentiostat reference electrode clip (white) to the
potentiostat counter electrode clip (blue). Now there should be a working electrode clip (red) and a counter/reference clip (blue/white) to attach
to the two leads on the electrochemical cell, as shown in :ref:`Figure 1 <solar_cell_fig>`. Once these are attached to the electrochemical cell, you are ready to begin
:ref:`operating the potentiostat <basic_operation>`.

.. _solar_cell_fig:

.. image:: _static/solar_two_electrode_setup.png

.. rubric:: Figure 1: Two electrode solar cell diagram that shows the connection of the working electrode clip to one electrical contact (typically positive) and the counter and reference electrode clips connected to the other electrical contact (typically negative).


.. note:: The colors associated with the potentiostat wires can change depending on the convention used by the person building the potentiostat. If you built the JUAMI Potentiostat you are using, be sure to record which color was associated with each electrode. If the JUAMI Potentiostat was built by someone else, check the documentation that the builder might have provided you or contact them to find out what convention was used.

Three-electrode experiment
---------------------------

.. rubric:: Examples

* Measure electrochemical behavior of materials
* Sensing and detection experiments

.. rubric:: Cell/Device Connection

All three clips from the potentiostat can be attached to their respective electrodes in the cell, as shown in :ref:`Figure 2 <three_electrode_fig>`.

.. _three_electrode_fig:

.. image:: _static/three_electrode_setup.png

.. rubric:: Figure 2: Example of a three electrode setup in a three-neck round-bottom flask with a Pt rod counter electrode, foil working electrode, and a reference electrode in an aqueous electrolyte.

Commit message:

specified USB AB cable; simplified reference electrode explanation; removed voltage vs SHE of Ag/AgCl reference

docs/experimentsetup.rst, after:

.. _setup:

Experiment Setup
=================

A variety of cells can be characterized using a potentiostat. This section will briefly describe cell preparation and
attachment to the potentiostat.

Types of Cell Arrangements
--------------------------

Most potentiostats (including the JUAMI Potentiostat) have the option to connect three leads to an electrochemical cell.
Electrochemical cells/devices commonly have two or three leads. An important distinction between the two arrangements is the
dependencies of the potential.

In a three electrode cell, there is a working electrode (with the material or reaction of interest) and counter electrode
(completes the circuit and allows charge to flow by facilitating a counter reaction) and a reference electrode.
The voltage reading will be dependent on the type of reference electrode that is used in the experiment.

In a two electrode cell, both electrodes (anode and cathode, or working electrode and counter electrode) undergo reactions.
While the reactions occur at each electrode, the potential of both electrodes can change, therefore, there is no stable
reference potential.

Overall, the two electrode arrangement measures the cell potential (and requires a good understanding of what is happening
at each electrode) and the three electrode arrangement enables the measurement of the potential solely of the working electrode
against a known reference potential such as that of Ag/AgCl in KCl. See the examples below for instructions on how to connect
the potentiostat to each type of cell.

.. rubric:: Materials and Instrumentation

All experiments will require:

#. Computer
#. JUAMI Potentiostat
#. USB AB cable

If testing a device (e.g. battery, solar cell, resistor, etc.), it can be attached directly to the potentiostat as described below.

If testing an open cell (e.g. H cell, three-neck cell, etc.) you will need each of the following components.

#. Glassware for electrochemical cell (could be three-neck flask, beaker, etc.)
#. Working electrode
#. Counter electrode
#. Reference electrode (if using three-electrode setup)
#. Electrolyte

.. important:: Take proper safety precautions!

    #. If you have never run an electrochemical reaction before, perform these experiments with a lab partner or consult with an instructor.
    #. Wear personal protective equipment (PPE; gloves, safety glasses, lab coat) when carrying out experiments.
    #. Read the safety data sheet (SDS) for all materials, understand the reactions that are expected, and familiarize yourself with the potential risks of reaction product. Take necessary actions to prevent the formation of or exposure to dangerous gases/chemicals (e.g. carry out experiments in a fume hood).

Two-electrode experiment
------------------------

.. rubric:: Examples:

* Resistor
* Battery
* Solar cell
* Fuel cell

.. rubric:: Cell/Device Connection

In each of these applications, the electrochemical cell only has two electrical leads. However, the potentiostat has
three clips. To connect the potentiostat to one of these cells, attach the potentiostat reference electrode clip (white) to the
potentiostat counter electrode clip (blue). Now there should be a working electrode clip (red) and a counter/reference clip (blue/white) to attach
to the two leads on the electrochemical cell, as shown in :ref:`Figure 1 <solar_cell_fig>`. Once these are attached to the electrochemical cell, you are ready to begin
:ref:`operating the potentiostat <basic_operation>`.

.. _solar_cell_fig:

.. image:: _static/solar_two_electrode_setup.png

.. rubric:: Figure 1: Two electrode solar cell diagram that shows the connection of the working electrode clip to one electrical contact (typically positive) and the counter and reference electrode clips connected to the other electrical contact (typically negative).


.. note:: The colors associated with the potentiostat wires can change depending on the convention used by the person building the potentiostat. If you built the JUAMI Potentiostat you are using, be sure to record which color was associated with each electrode. If the JUAMI Potentiostat was built by someone else, check the documentation that the builder might have provided you or contact them to find out what convention was used.

Three-electrode experiment
---------------------------

.. rubric:: Examples

* Measure electrochemical behavior of materials
* Sensing and detection experiments

.. rubric:: Cell/Device Connection

All three clips from the potentiostat can be attached to their respective electrodes in the cell, as shown in :ref:`Figure 2 <three_electrode_fig>`.

.. _three_electrode_fig:

.. image:: _static/three_electrode_setup.png

.. rubric:: Figure 2: Example of a three electrode setup in a three-neck round-bottom flask with a Pt rod counter electrode, foil working electrode, and a reference electrode in an aqueous electrolyte.
