docs/index.rst, before:

.. pytentiostat documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Thu Feb  7 10:49:24 2019.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to pytentiostat's documentation!
========================================

To post questions about anything to do with pytentiostat, please submit an issue at github.com/juami/pytentiostat

pytentiostat provides a Python API package to the JUAMI potentiostat

The goal of the xpdAn package is to simplify your analysis workflow during beamtime, so that you can focus more on the scientific aspects of your experiment.

To get started, please go to :ref:`quick_start`

If you have suggestions for new features in xpdAcq, or want to report a bug or simply ask a question about the software, please post it as a new thread at XPD-Users

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:



Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

MAINT: Updating Index rst
Previous parts applied to another project. Updated so all content relevant to pytentiostat project.

docs/index.rst, after:

.. pytentiostat documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Thu Feb  7 10:49:24 2019.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to pytentiostat's documentation!
========================================

To post questions about anything to do with pytentiostat, please submit an issue at github.com/juami/pytentiostat

pytentiostat provides a Python API package to the JUAMI potentiostat

The goal of the pytentiostat package is to provide a free, user-friendly interface to run electrochemistry experiments with the JUAMI potentiostat

To get started, please go to :ref:`quick_start`

If you have suggestions for new features in pytentiostat, or want to report a bug or simply ask a question about the software, please send an email to Austin Plymill at austinplymill2021@u.northwestern.edu.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:



Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
